add encoding for html entities (#302)
kyma-project/luigi: docs/luigi-client-api.md

Returns **[Object](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object)** node parameters, where the object property name is the node parameter name without the prefix, and its value is the value of the node parameter. For example `{sort: 'asc', page: 3}`.

> *Note:* some special characters (`<`, `>`, `"`, `'`, `/`) in node parameters are HTML-encoded.

Author: added to luigi-client and docu generated

#### Parameters

> -   `isDirty` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** tells if there are any unsaved changes on the current page or component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `isDirty` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** indicates if there are any unsaved changes on the current page or in the component
```
